[Concept Entry] HTML Quotations #2065 (#2077)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/quotations/quotations.md

---
Title: 'Quotations'
Description: 'In HTML, a quotation is a portion of text that is attributed to someone else. '
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Quotations'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

In HTML, a quotation is a portion of text that is attributed to someone else. HTML provides several ways to mark up quotations on a web page, using specific [tags](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/tags) for short and long quotations.

## Short Quotations

> Short quotations are used for brief, inline quotations that are a few words or less. To create a short quotation, you can use the [`<q>` tag](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/q). Here's an example of how to use the `<q>` tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Short quotations such as a short sentence or fragment should be set off with the [`<q>` tag](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/q). Here's an example of how to use the `<q>` tag:
```

> ```pseudo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html
```

Reviewer: since this is a real example and not pseudocode we should use the html tag

<p>According to Albert Einstein, <q>Imagination is more important than knowledge.</q></p>
```

In this example, the text "Imagination is more important than knowledge" is enclosed in the `<q>` tag to indicate that it's a quotation. The quotation marks around "Imagination is more important than knowledge" are automatically added by the browser.

## Long Quotations

> Long quotations are used for quotations that are longer than a few words and typically require their own paragraph. To create a long quotation, you can use the `[<blockquote>](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/blockquote)` tag. Here's an example of how to use the `<blockquote>` tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For longer quotations the `[<blockquote>](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/blockquote)` tag is used in lieu of `<q>`. Here's an example of how to use the `<blockquote>` tag:
```

> ```pseudo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html
```

<blockquote>

> <p>"The best way to predict your future is to create it."</p>

Reviewer: I think it would be preferable to show something that's a bit longer. This quote is almost the same length as the previous example

>   <p>"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma, which is living the result of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary."</p> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p>"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. The way 
  to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone 
  else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma, which is living the result of other people's thinking. Don't 
  let the noise of other's opinions drown your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage
  to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. 
  Everything else is secondary."</p> 
```

Reviewer: I think it's preferable to break the lines similar to what I've done above, so, that the quote is visible all at once, and users don't have to scroll to see what the text says.

Additionally, the footer with the author's name is missing.

<footer>Abraham Lincoln</footer>
</blockquote>
```

In this example, the text "The best way to predict your future is to create it" is enclosed in the `<blockquote>` tag to indicate that it's a quotation. The `<footer>` tag is used to specify the author of the quote.

Both the `<q>` and `<blockquote>` tags provide a semantic markup for quotations, which can be used by screen readers to distinguish quoted text from surrounding content, making it easier for visually impaired users to navigate web content.

> In conclusion, HTML provides two types of quotation tags: short quotations and long quotations. Short quotations can be created using the `<q>` tag, while long quotations can be created using the `<blockquote>` tag. By using these tags correctly, quotations can be added to web pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In conclusion, HTML provides two types of quotation tags to address short quotations and long quotations. Short quotations can be created using the `<q>` tag, while long quotations can be created using the `<blockquote>` tag. By using these tags correctly, quotations can be added to web pages in the most explicit and accessible form possible.
```

---
Title: 'Quotations'
Description: 'In HTML, a quotation is a portion of text that is attributed to someone else. '
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:

>   - 'Quotations'

Author: Okay! I get it now.

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

In HTML, a quotation is a portion of text that is attributed to someone else. HTML provides several ways to mark up quotations on a web page, using specific [tags](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/tags) for short and long quotations.

## Short Quotations

> Short quotations are used for brief, inline quotations that are a few words or less. To create a short quotation, you can use the `q` tag. Here's an example of how to use the `q` tag:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Short quotations are used for brief, inline quotations that are a few words or less. To create a short quotation, you can use the [`<q>` tag](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/q). Here's an example of how to use the `<q>` tag:
```

```pseudo

> <p>According to <q>Albert Einstein</q>, "Imagination is more important than knowledge."</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<p>According to Albert Einstein, <q>Imagination is more important than knowledge.</q></p>
```

```
In this example, the text "Albert Einstein" is enclosed in the "q" tag to indicate that it's a quotation. The quotation marks around "Imagination is more important than knowledge" are automatically added by the browser.

## Long Quotations

Long quotations are used for quotations that are longer than a few words and typically require their own paragraph. To create a long quotation, you can use the `blockquote` tag. Here's an example of how to use the `blockquote` tag:

```pseudo
<blockquote>
<p>"The best way to predict your future is to create it."</p>
<footer>Abraham Lincoln</footer>
</blockquote>

```

> In this example, the text "The best way to predict your future is to create it" is enclosed in the `blockquote` tag to indicate that it's a quotation. The `footer` tag is used to specify the author of the quote.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, the text "The best way to predict your future is to create it" is enclosed in the `<blockquote>` tag to indicate that it's a quotation. The `<footer>` tag is used to specify the author of the quote.
```
